♪ WHEN THIS BOY
MEETS WORLD ♪
♪ BOY MEETS WORLD ♪
♪ WANDERING DOWN THIS ROAD
THAT WE CALL LIFE ♪
♪ IS WHAT WE'RE DOIN' ♪
♪ IT'S GOOD TO KNOW
I HAVE FRIENDS ♪
♪ WHO WILL ALWAYS
STAND BY ME ♪
♪ WHEN THIS BOY
MEETS WORLD ♪
HEY, HEY, YOU IN COLLEGE?
I'M IN COLLEGE. WOO-HOO!
COLLEGE!
COR, COR, COR,
CALM DOWN, OK?
NOBODY KNOWS US YET.
I DON'T WANT
TO BE ESTABLISHED
AS THE WOO-HOO BOYS.
OK, OK.
THIS IS US.
WAIT, SHAWN.
WE CAN'T JUST
GO IN THIS ROOM.
THIS IS BIG.
YOU CAN'T JUST
OPEN THIS DOOR.
COR, WE'RE NOT
IN HIGH SCHOOL ANYMORE.
THAT CRAP JUST HAS TO STOP.
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
NO. NO. BEAUTIFUL'S NOT
A STRONG ENOUGH WORD.
A BETTER WORD IS,
LIKE...SUCKS.
GIMME A SPOON.
I'M DIGGING A TUNNEL
RIGHT NOW.
WOW.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU BROUGHT PUDDING
TO COLLEGE!
HEY, I GOT ONE FOR YOU.
NO. SHH. SHH. SHH.
LISTEN TO ME.
NO PUDDING.
NO WOO-HOOING. OK?
YOU'RE RIGHT. WE'RE
IN COLLEGE NOW, FELLA.
THIS IS A CHANCE
TO REINVENT OURSELVES,
RIGHT?
WE CAN BE ANYTHING
WE WANT.
NO. NO REINVENTION, OK?
YOU CAN BE YOURSELF,
JUST WITHOUT
THE PUDDING.
BECAUSE I SWEAR
ON MY MOTHER,
WHEREVER THE HELL
SHE IS,
IF I GET TO BE KNOWN
AS PUDDING BOY'S
BEST FRIEND,
I WILL KILL YOU.
YOU CAN'T RUIN
MY MOOD, SHAWN.
HEY, CORY.
THINK WHEN YOU BOLTED
FROM THE CAR YELLING,
"COLLEGE, COLLEGE,"
I THINK YOU
FORGOT SOMETHING.
MY PUDDIN' TRUNK.
THIS IS EXCITING,
ISN'T IT, COR?
MY LITTLE BOY IN COLLEGE.
GONE FOR 4 YEARS. BOY.
WELL...
WELL, HEY, THANKS
FOR RAISING ME. SEE YA.
YEAH, COME ON, GUYS,
LET'S GO. TIME IS MONEY.
SEE YA IN 4 YEARS.
I'LL MISS YA,
MORGAN.
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
OHH.
OHH...
HA HA HA.
COME HERE.
SHAWN?
AH, SURE. WHY NOT?
OH, YEAH.
OH, ALAN, I'M GONNA
MISS MY BABY BOY.
MOM, YOU DIDN'T
GET LIKE THIS
FOR ERIC.
HE DOESN'T KNOW
WE'RE HERE, DOES HE?
UH, LET'S GET
OUTTA HERE.
SHAWNY, WE'RE--WE'RE HERE.
WE'RE IN COLLEGE.
YEAH. YEAH,
IT IS PRETTY
COOL.
HEY, LOOK, ANGELA,
I FOUND US
SOME COLLEGE GUYS.
SHE MEANS US.
WELL, THE 4 OF US
ARE HERE AT PENNBROOK.
WELL, LET'S
CHECK IT OUT.
CORY, REMEMBER,
WE'RE IN COLLEGE NOW.
NOBODY KNOWS US.
BE COOL.
RIGHT, YEAH. OK, LOOK,
WE GOT HALLWAYS, ROOMS,
AND CO-ED BATHROOM.
OH, SEE,
SHAWNY?
IN COLLEGE, GIRLS
ARE NOT CALLED GIRLS.
THEY ARE CALLED
"CO-EDS."
BOY, IS SHE BUTCH.
CORY, THE BATHROOM
IS FOR MEN AND WOMEN.
BOTH?
AT THE SAME TIME.
JUST LIKE
ON ALLY McBEAL.
[LIKE CARTMAN]
"JUST LIKE ON ALLY McBEAL."
LET HER GO IN THERE!
CORY,
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
I'M GOIN' IN.
AW, COME ON.
I JUST GOT COMFORTABLE
GOING IN FRONT OF GUYS!
REGISTRATION.
HERE IS
WHERE WE MAKE
THE DECISIONS
THAT WILL DETERMINE
WHO WE ARE
AND WHAT WE KNOW
FOR THE REST
OF OUR LIVES.
OH, SHUT UP.
CORY, WE'RE FRESHMAN.
THERE'S REALLY
NO BIG DECISION
TO MAKE HERE.
IT'S ANYTHING THAT SAYS
"101" OR "INTRO TO."
SURE, IF YOU WANNA
GO THE SAFE WAY.
HERE WE GO.
YOU SEE...
I WAS STUDYING
MY COURSE GUIDE
LAST NIGHT.
NOW, THE OLD CORY
WOULD'VE GONE DOWN
THAT ROAD OF SAFE
AND EASY COURSES,
BUT I REFUSE
TO BE TRAMPLED
BY THE MASSES
REGISTERING
FOR A LITTLE COURSE
I LIKE TO CALL
"INTRODUCTION
TO MEDIOCRITY."
YEAH.
YOU DONE?
GOOD.
OK.
HEH HEH. CATTLE.
THIS LOOKS GOOD.
HEY, COME ON,
WE GOTTA GET GOIN'.
YEAH, LET'S
GET GOIN', RACHEL.
[SOBBING AND CRYING]
IDIOT!
YOU MADE HER CRY.
RACHEL.
THAT'S WHAT MY BOYFRIEND
USED TO CALL ME.
WHAT?
THERE'S GONNA
BE PLENTY OF TIME
FOR THAT STROLL
DOWN MEMORY LANE
LATER, BABE.
I GOT TO
GET THERE BEFORE
"HOOKED ON PHONICS"
GETS FILLED UP.
ERIC, COME ON, MAN.
CAN'T YA SEE SHE'S UPSET?
OBVIOUSLY,
I DON'T HAVE YOUR
POWER OF PERCEPTION.
WHAT?!
EVERYTHING!
OK. THAT'S GOOD.
IT'S OUT.
EVERYTHING'S OUT.
MOVE, MOVE, MOVE.
LET'S GO.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M DOING HERE.
WE HAD PLANS. WE WERE
GONNA LIVE TOGETHER.
WE WERE GONNA GO
TO COLLEGE TOGETHER.
WE WERE GONNA
GET A DOGGY.
I KNOW. FEELS LIKE
YOUR WHOLE WORLD IS
TURNED UPSIDE DOWN,
RIGHT?
EW.
SCHOOL'S
ABOUT TO START.
YOU'RE
LIVING WITH 2 GUYS
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
IN SOME
STRANGE TOWN.
EVERYTHING'S JUST
KINDA HITTING YOU
AT ONCE, RIGHT?
YOU KNOW, JACK,
THAT IS EXACTLY
HOW I FEEL.
OH, YOU ARE
SO SENSITIVE.
OH, THANKS.
I JUST WISH
I HAD SOME WAY
TO PULL MYSELF
OUT OF THIS,
YOU KNOW?
I'VE GOT
THE PERFECT THING.
ERIC, THIS IS
NOT THE TIME.
NONSENSE, JACK.
IT'S ALWAYS
THE TIME FOR...
♪ IN A CABIN
IN A WOOD ♪
♪ LITTLE MAN
BY WINDOW STOOD ♪
♪ SAW A RABBIT
HOPPING BY ♪
♪ KNOCKING
AT THE DOOR ♪
ERIC!
♪ HELP ME, HELP ME,
HELP ME, HE SAID ♪
♪ 'FORE THE HUNTER
SHOOTS ME DEAD ♪
COME ON, JACK!
NO!
♪ WON'T YOU LET ME
COME INSIDE? ♪
♪ KEEP ME
SAFE FROM HARM ♪
HA HA HA!
OH, YOU ARE
SO MUCH FUN.
YAY, ME.
AND YOU
ARE SO CARING.
BOY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF YOU TWO WERE
ONE GUY, I WOULD BE
IN REAL TROUBLE.
HA HA HA...
OH...OH.
ONE GUY.
NO.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
YOU'RE ALREADY DONE
REGISTERING?
YEAH.
I--I REGISTERED,
I GOT MY BOOKS,
AND I BOUGHT EACH OF US
A PENNBROOK SWEATSHIRT.
HUH?
GO, PENGUINS!
DON'T EVER DO THAT.
"QUANTUM PHYSICS...
"THEORETICAL
CALCULUS...
INORGANIC
CHEMISTRY..."
FORENSIC
PATHOLOGY?
IS THIS YOUR SON,
MR. JOHNSON?
OH, CORY, CORY, CORY,
HOW DO I PUT THIS
DELICATELY?
COULD YOU BE
A BIGGER MORON?
WHY WOULD YOU
ASK ME THAT? WHY?
BECAUSE YOUR COLLEGE
CAREER IS OVER
BEFORE IT STARTS.
HA HA.
SOMEBODY'S JEALOUS.
CORY, YOU'VE TAKEN ON
AN IMPOSSIBLE LOAD
THAT WILL EVENTUALLY
CRUSH YOU TO DEATH.
I KNOW, BUT I FIGURE
WE'LL HAVE 10 OR 12
GOOD YEARS TOGETHER FIRST.
HA HA! THAT'S A GOOD--
ALL I WANTED YOU TO DO
IS STOP WITH THE PUDDING.
WHAT IS THIS?
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT QUANTUM PHYSICS IS?
UM, HI...THAT'S WHAT
THEY'RE GONNA TEACH ME.
IF I KNEW WHAT
QUANTUM PHYSICS WAS,
I WOULD'VE TOOKEN
QUANTUM PHYSICS 2,
NOW, WOULDN'T I?
HAVE YOU LOOKED AT THIS?
IT'S GIBBERISH.
IT'S NOT GIBBERISH.
YOU'RE GIBBERISH.
IT'S NEW AND EXCITING,
JUST LIKE ME.
SO NUTS TO YOU,
YOU JERKS.
UH, EXCUSE ME THERE,
PROFESSOR.
UM, MY FRIENDS
SEEM TO THINK
THAT I'VE TAKEN ON
AN IMPOSSIBLE LOAD
WITH QUANTUM PHYSICS
AND I'M GONNA HAVE SOME
TROUBLE UNDERSTANDING
THE COURSE MATERIAL.
WELL, I COULD GIVE YOU
A BRIEF SYNOPSIS,
AND YOU CAN DECIDE
FOR YOURSELF.
ON THE FIRST DAY,
WE START OFF WITH
[RATTLING OFF
GIBBERISH SYLLABLES].
AND...THEN
WE FOCUS ON...
[MORE GIBBERISH].
[RATTLING OFF
GIBBERISH]
EXCUSE ME. WE HAVE
A STAFF MEETING.
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
[CHUCKLES]
AND I KNOW
THAT THIS IS NOT
ABOUT QUANTUM PHYSICS.
IT WAS JUST
MY NERVOUS PSYCHE
THAT HEARD
THE PROFESSOR SAY,
"[RATTLING OFF
GIBBERISH]."
AND THAT DOESN'T
SCARE ME FOR 2 SECONDS,
BUT IS THERE ANY WAY
THAT YOU COULD POSSIBLY
GET ME OUT OF EVERY
COURSE THAT I SIGNED UP
FOR THIS YEAR?
YOU'RE FEELING
OVERWHELMED.
YES.
WELL, YOU
ARE NOT ALONE
IN FEELING THAT, SON.
YEAH, I'M...
I'M--I'M JUST WORRIED
THAT I CAN'T DROP
THESE COURSES
AND THAT, YOU KNOW,
I'VE RUINED MY ENTIRE LIFE
IN ONE DAY.
NONSENSE. YOU CAN DROP
ANY COURSE YOU WANT,
AND YOU CAN PICK UP
ANY COURSE THAT'S OPEN.
[SIGHS]
GOOD. I--I WANT
EVERYTHING 101
OR ANYTHING THAT STARTS
WITH "INTRODUCTION TO."
OH. THOSE ARE GONE.
YES, UM...I--I KNOW
THAT THEY'RE GONE,
BUT I TOLD YOU,
I MADE A TERRIBLE
MISTAKE.
NOW, WILL YOU
PLEASE FIX IT?
OH, YOU WANT ME
TO FIX THIS.
WELL,
I CAN'T DO THAT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I MEAN THOSE COURSES
ARE CLOSED.
I KNOW THAT THEY'RE
CLOSED, BUT I--I--
I TOLD YOU,
I MADE A TERRIBLE MISTAKE.
I ACCEPT FULL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THAT.
NOW, WILL YOU PLEASE
HELP ME?
SON, DID YOU KNOW
THAT ONE IN 3
NEW STUDENTS
WON'T MAKE IT
THROUGH THEIR
FRESHMAN YEAR?
WHY ARE YOU
TELLING ME THAT?
BECAUSE COLLEGE ISN'T
FOR EVERYONE, SON.
AND IF YOU FIND JUST
SIMPLE COURSE SELECTION
SO OVERWHELMING,
WELL, PERHAPS
YOU NEED TO CONSIDER
IF IT'S FOR YOU.
LOOK, YOU'RE
MY GUIDANCE COUNSELOR.
I GET INTO TROUBLE,
AND YOU GUIDE ME OUT.
THAT'S GONNA BE
OUR RELATIONSHIP, YES?
THIS IS COLLEGE--
THE REAL WORLD.
THE RELATIONSHIP
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT?
IT DOESN'T EXIST HERE.
I'M SORRY.
BUH-BYE.
YOU LIED TO ME.
YOU FILLED ME
WITH ALL THIS EDUCATION.
BUT YOU NEVER
PREPARED ME FOR LIFE.
I'M SORRY.
HAVE WE MET?
YOU FAILED ME,
MR. FEENY.
SEVERAL TIMES,
I BELIEVE.
YOU DIDN'T PREPARE ME
FOR COLLEGE.
FOR LIFE.
I'M IN WAY OVER MY HEAD,
AND I HAVE NO IDEA
HOW I GOT THERE.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU,
MR. MATTHEWS.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE
YOU, MR. FEENY.
THAT'S A NICE HAT.
ANYBODY
KNOW YOU'RE HERE?
YOU MEAN
DOES ANYONE KNOW
I SCREWED UP COLLEGE
ON MY FIRST DAY
AND FLEW TO WYOMING
ON MY AIR MILES?
AIR MILES? WHERE
DID YOU GET THOSE?
PUDDIN' LABELS,
BABY. GOT ME
TO OMAHA.
BUSED IN
FROM THERE.
I MET A NATIVE
AMERICAN AND
A MILITIA GUY.
"CASINOS GOOD.
GOVERNMENT BAD."
SO. HOW'S, UH...
HOW'S RETIREMENT
GOIN'?
OH, WELL, I'M HAVING
A WONDERFUL TIME.
YEAH? WELL, WHAT'S
SO GREAT? TELL ME
ABOUT YOUR DAY.
WELL, AFTER
SPENDING 40 YEARS
AS A SCHOOLTEACHER
SETTING MY ALARM
TO WAKE UP WITH THE SUN,
I NOW WAKE UP
WHENEVER I WANT TO.
UH-HUH. UH-HUH.
AND THEN I HAVE
A BIG BREAKFAST
WITH SOME OF THE BOYS.
YOU GOT BOYS?
I DO.
AND THEN
WE DO WHATEVER
OUR HEARTS DESIRE.
FOR EXAMPLE,
TODAY...WE DECIDED
TO GO FISHING.
FISHING?
MM-HMM.
ALL DAY. THIS IS--
THIS IS--THAT'S ALL
YOU DO ALL DAY
IS JUST FISH?
WELL,
THERE'S MORE TO IT
THAN JUST FISH.
I MEAN,
WE SWAP STORIES,
ENJOY THE OUTDOORS,
AND, MORE IMPORTANTLY,
EACH OTHER'S COMPANY.
I HAD A COMPANY
ONCE...
UNTIL
MY SON-IN-LAW
STOLE IT.
EASY, NED.
YOU'LL BLOW
YOUR PACEMAKER.
SO, BASICALLY,
MR. FEENY,
IF I'M UNDERSTANDING
THIS CORRECTLY,
YOU GUYS...
YOU DO ABSOLUTELY
NOTHING.
I WOULDN'T
CHARACTERIZE IT--
NO, HE'S GOT IT.
NO PRESSURES,
NO COMMITMENTS,
NO DECISIONS, AND...
NO WAY TO SCREW UP
ANYTHING AT ALL.
CORY, PERHAPS
YOU'D BE GOOD ENOUGH
TO EXPLAIN TO ME
WHY YOU TRAVELED
ALL THIS DISTANCE
JUST TO INSULT ME.
INSULT YOU?!
GEORGE, I ENVY YOU!
I MEAN, THIS IS
THE NEXT BEST THING
TO BEING IN A COMA!
HUH? HA HA HA!
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
OH, IT'S YOU.
GET LOST.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HEY, SHUT YOUR
CAKE HOLE, IRENE. I'M
SENSITIVE, ALL RIGHT?
RACHEL'S GONNA
COME BACK HERE.
SHE'S GONNA SEE
HOW SENSITIVE I AM,
KNOW THAT I'M ALL MAN
AND NOT HALF MAN
LIKE YOUR SORRY TUSHY.
CONGRATULATIONS, MAN.
YOU'RE OFFICIALLY
IN THE IDIOT HALL OF FAME.
THAT HURTS ME,
BUT I UNDERSTAND
WHERE IT'S COMING FROM,
AND IT'S OK.
ERIC, YOU'RE TRYING TO
CHANGE WHO YOU ARE JUST
TO GET HER TO LIKE YOU.
SHE'S GONNA SEE
RIGHT THROUGH THAT,
MAN.
NO, SHE'S NOT.
SHE'S GONNA COME BACK
AND FALL FOR ME
AND FALL DEEP
INTO MY TRAP
OF SENSITIVITY.
ALL RIGHT.
AS YOUR FRIEND...
I'M BEGGING YOU
NOT TO MAKE A FOOL
OUT OF YOURSELF.
ALL RIGHT.
AS A FRIEND...
I'M BEGGING YOU
NOT TO MAKE
A FOOL OUT OF YOURSELF.
HUH? HOW
WAS THAT, MAN?
IT'S LIKE LOOKIN'
IN A MIRROR, HUH?
IT'S FACE OFF!
[IMITATES LASER
WHIRRING] EEEH!
ERIC, JACK. JACK, ERIC.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO
YOU ARE ANYMORE. HA HA!
HEY, GUYS.
[FAKING
CHOKING BACK SOBS]
HELLO, RACHEL.
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS]
ERIC,
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
IT'S THE CHILDREN.
IT'S THE...CHILDREN.
THE CHILDREN?
WHAT CHILDREN?
ALL OF THEM.
THEY'RE SO LITTLE.
YOU JUST--
PLEASE DON'T
MAKE ME GO ON.
'CAUSE THE WORLD IS
A MELANCHOLY PLACE
WHERE..
HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS
MUST RISE
TO THE FOREFRONT
OF OUR...
TOO BRIEF EXPERIENCE
ON THIS
INSIGNIFICANT
SWIRLING BLUE ORB
UNTIL
WE'RE EXTINGUISHED
LIKE
A FLICKERING FLAME.
OW! DAT HOT.
OH, ERIC, THAT
IS THE MOST SENSITIVE
THING I'VE EVER HEARD.
WOULD YOU GO WITH ME
TO DO LAUNDRY?
WHAT?!
I'M SORRY, JACK.
I NEED TO BE
ALONE WITH ERIC.
YOU DO?
SHE DO!
I FEEL YOUR PAIN,
BUDDY, I DO, BUT
GET OUTTA MY WAY.
WE'VE GOT TO ATTEND
TO THE...DELICATES.
YES, WE DO.
SHE'S GONNA SEE
RIGHT THROUGH ME,
THOUGH, ISN'T SHE?
HA HA HA! DUDE,
THIS IS HER BRA!
GET--
NICE DAY,
HUH, WALTER?
YEP.
WHO'S UP
FOR A MOVIE?
HMM?
THAT'S A PRETTY
GOOD IDEA, GEORGE.
WHY DON'T WE WAIT
TILL IT RAINS?
WHY CAN'T WE
DO IT NOW?
WELL,
WE'RE FISHING NOW.
FISH ARE
REALLY JUMPIN'.
NO, THEY'RE NOT.
I HAVEN'T SEEN A FISH
SINCE I'VE BEEN HERE.
TAKE IT EASY,
GEORGE.
WE'VE GOT
THE REST OF OUR LIVES
TO CATCH A FISH.
WALTER MAKES
AN AWFUL LOT
OF SENSE, GEORGE.
NO, HE DOESN'T.
AND HIS NAME
IS NOT WALTER.
IT'S CORY.
CORY IS
TOO YOUNG A NAME
TO BE HERE.
CORY'S TOO YOUNG
I'M TOO YOUNG
TO BE HERE.
HA HA!
GOOD ONE, GEORGE.
LOOK, MR. MATTHEWS,
I HAVE INDULGED
YOUR LITTLE FANTASY
FOR A WEEKEND HOPING
THAT YOU WOULD COME
TO YOUR SENSES,
BUT OBVIOUSLY,
NO ONE HERE
COMES
TO THEIR SENSES.
NOW, DON'T INSULT
OUR WAY OF LIFE,
GEORGE.
I'M SORRY, NED. I'M
JUST NOT READY FOR
YOUR WAY OF LIFE.
WE'LL MISS YOU,
GEORGE.
BACK TO SCHOOL,
WALTER.
YOU KNOW, RACHEL,
I'M GLAD YOU NOTICED
THE SENSITIVE SIDE OF ME
AS WELL AS
THE DEVIL-MAY-CARE SIDE.
YOU HAVE IT ALL, ERIC...
EVERYTHING A GIRL
COULD WANT.
TH-TH-THANK YOU.
UH...WHY'D--WHY'D
YOU LOCK THE DOOR?
WELL, IF IT WAS OPEN,
THEN SOMEBODY COULD
COME IN, COULDN'T THEY?
AND TH-THEN THEY'D TAKE
ALL THE BEST MACHINES.
THAT'S GOOD THINKIN'
THERE, RACHE.
HA HA HA!
NO, NO, NO, SILLY.
SEE, I BROUGHT YOU HERE
BECAUSE I'VE NEVER FOUND
YOU MORE ATTRACTIVE
THAN I DO RIGHT NOW.
OHH!
WHEE!
I AM SO HOT.
ARE YOU?
YEAH. I'M HOT.
THIS DRYER'S ON FLUFF.
SO AM I.
[CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
RA-RACHEL...
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
THIS SHIRT'S CLEAN.
I KNOW. I JUST
WANT TO SHMUSH IT UP
A LITTLE BIT.
SHMUSHING'S GOOD.
I LIKE SHMUSHING.
I THINK--
NO. NO. NO, NO, NO, NO.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
RACHEL, THIS IS WRONG.
OH, COME ON.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, ERIC?
DON'T YOU WANT ME?
YEAH--YEAH.
BUT--BUT NOT
IN THE LAUNDRY ROOM.
I MEAN, I ALWAYS FIGURED
THAT IF WE EVER DID
DO THIS,
IT WOULD BE
IN SOME ROMANTIC
FLEABAG MOTEL.
HEY, IF YOU WENT
TO ALL THE TROUBLE TO BE
THE PERFECT MAN FOR ME,
THEN THE LEAST I COULD
DO IS BE THE PERFECT
WOMAN FOR YOU.
THIS ISN'T YOU.
I DON'T LIKE
THIS YOU.
YOU DON'T?
THEN WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO BE?
SENSITIVE? FUNNY?
A BRUNETTE?
I JUST WANT YOU
TO BE YOURSELF!
I MEAN, IF
YOU'RE NOT YOURSELF,
THEN WHAT ARE YOU?
SOMEBODY ELSE.
RIGHT. AND IF
YOU WANT TO BE IN
A RELATIONSHIP WITH ME,
THEN I WANT YOU TO BE THERE,
NOT SOMEBODY EL--
OH, I GET IT.
AND I WANT YOU
TO BE THE FUNNY,
WONDERFUL PERSON YOU ARE.
'CAUSE THAT'S
HOW I LIKE YOU.
PROMISE ME YOU'RE
NOT GONNA CHANGE, OK?
'K.
ONE CONDITION.
OK, ANYTHING.
PUT ME BACK
ON THE DRYER.
OK.
ALL RIGHT. OOOOH!
HEE HEE HEE HEE!
I UNDERSTAND YOU'VE
DEDICATED YOUR LIFE
TO TEACHING, MR. FEENY.
BUT THAT WAS AT
THE HIGH SCHOOL LEVEL.
THIS IS COLLEGE.
AS I UNDERSTAND IT,
HIGH SCHOOL SERVES
TO PREPARE YOU
FOR COLLEGE.
AM I CORRECT?
WELL, THERE ARE
5,000 INCOMING FRESHMEN
WHO WERE ABLE
TO REGISTER CORRECTLY.
HE WASN'T.
PERHAPS HE WASN'T...
ADEQUATELY PREPARED.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING, MYRON?
OUT OF ALL MY NEPHEWS,
I HATE YOU THE MOST.
COME ON, CORY.
THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE DONE HERE.
MOTHER WILL BE CALLING YOU.
MR. FEENY,
I'M--I'M SORRY.
I--I FEEL LIKE
I FAILED YOU.
I GUESS I DIDN'T
PREPARE YOU AS WELL
AS I SHOULD.
MAYBE
IT'S JUST AS WELL
I RETIRED.
NO. NO. NO.
MR. FEENY.
THE THINGS--
THE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS
THAT I LEARNED FROM YOU
HAVE NOTHING TO DO
WITH THE COURSES
THAT I'M TAKING
HERE IN COLLEGE,
ANYWAY.
REALLY?
YEAH. I MEAN...
WHAT I LEARNED FROM YOU
WAS MOSTLY ABOUT LIFE
AND HOW TO MAKE FRIENDS
AND HOW TO HELP
AND SUPPORT THE PEOPLE
YOU CARE ABOUT.
THAT'S
WHAT YOU TAUGHT
ALL OF US.
HOW YOU DOIN',
MR. FEENY?
HOWDY.
THANK YOU FOR BRINGING
MY WALTER HOME.
HI.
LISTEN, I'D LOVE
TO CHAT, BUT
MR. FEENY AND I,
WE GOTTA START
STUDYING FOR QUANTUM...
WHATEVER IT IS
I SIGNED UP FOR.
HERE.
WHAT'S THIS?
IT'S YOUR SCHEDULE.
YOU HAVE 2 CLASSES
WITH ME
AND 3 WITH SHAWN.
I FIGURED YOU'D
WANT IT THAT WAY.
I--I DON'T GET IT.
HOW'D YOU DO THIS?
WELL, WE EACH SIGNED UP
FOR AN EXTRA CLASS...
AND THEN
WE DROPPED ONE...
AND SIGNED YOU UP
INSTEAD.
AND THEN WE GOT
YOUR BOOKS AND RETURNED
THEM FOR THE RIGHT ONES.
YOU DID?
HOW'D YOU KNOW
TO DO THIS?
HEY. WE HAD
THE SAME TEACHER
YOU DID.
SO I'M READY
TO START COLLEGE
NOW?
I THINK YOU ARE,
MR. MATTHEWS.
I THINK
YOU ALL ARE.
NOW, YOU PROMISE ME
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
CHANGE WHO YOU ARE?
YOU LIKE ME
LIKE I AM?
VERY MUCH.
I DO HAVE
A SENSITIVE SIDE,
YOU KNOW.
I KNOW. CAN I HAVE
MY BRA BACK, PLEASE?
NOPE.
YOU SEE?
YOU ARE FUNNY.
AND NOBODY SHOULD
CHANGE THE WAY
THEY ARE.
[SQUEAKING BELL]
[HONKING HORN]
LAUNDRY ROOM?
YEAH, LAUNDRY ROOM.
COME ON, JACK.
I'M GOIN'
TO THE LAUNDRY ROOM.
NEXT TIME, ASK BEFORE
YOU BORROW MY BIKE!